Ways to integrate external system to flows:

1. Platform events
2. External object
3. Lightning component
4. enhanced external Services
5. Apex code


Fire and forgot: platform event
event based communication  -- in real time or in near real time

component of event driven system:
Event, event message, event producer, event channel , event consumer , event bus.

Replay Id -- populated when the event are recieved at subscriber.

Publish Behavior and transaction:

1. publish immediately.
2. publish after commit

If your app is on the Salesforce Platform, you can publish events using an Apex method or with the Flow Builder declarative tool. 
If your app is an external app, you can publish events using Salesforce APIs, including Pub/Sub API and the data APIs, like REST API.

 The EventBus.publish() method returns a Database.SaveResult object, which contains the result of the publishing. If isSuccess() returns true, 
 the publish request is queued in Salesforce and the event message is published asynchronously. If isSuccess() returns false, the event publish 
 operation results in errors, which are returned in the Database.Error object. This method doesn’t throw an exception due to an unsuccessful publish operation.
 
To publish more than one event in the same call, add your events to a list of events, and pass the list to the EventBus.publish() method. The output of this method 
is an array of Database.SaveResult objects: one for each published event. EventBus.publish() can publish some passed-in events, even when other events can’t be published 
due to errors. The EventBus.publish() method doesn’t throw exceptions caused by an unsuccessful publish operation. 

To get confirmation of the final event publishing result, use Apex Publish Callbacks.

each publish calculate as dml statement.


Subscribe:

On the Salesforce Platform, you subscribe to events using Apex triggers, processes, flows, and the empApi Lightning component. In an external app, you subscribe to events using Pub/Sub API.

Platform events support only after insert triggers. 
A trigger processes platform event notifications sequentially in the order they’re received. The order of events is based on the event replay ID. An Apex trigger can receive a batch of events at once.
Asynchronous Trigger Execution ( publish and subscribe both are diffrent transaction.
The batch size in a platform event trigger is 2,000 event messages, which is larger than the Salesforce object trigger batch size of 200.
To publish platform events in an Apex test, enclose the publish statements within Test.startTest and Test.stopTest statements.
you can suspend or resume the event under subscriber related list.


Use Salesforce Connect when:

There’s a large amount of data that requires heavy management if it’s copied into the Salesforce org.
Small amounts of data are needed at any one time.
Real-time access to the latest data is required.

Salesforce Connect Adapters:

1. Cross org Adapters -- salesforce Lightning platform rest Api
2. oDAta 2.o or Odata 4.0 --connect to back office for complete view of external systems
3. custom Adapters -- connect to any data anywhere for a complete view of business . use apex connector framework to develop a custom adapter
4. for Amazon dybodb --> connect user to store data in  Amazon dynamo db


to connect and interact with any provider api -- how external service authenticate -- named credentials

api specification -- provided by service provider what data we can use

An external web services provider, such as a bank, hosts its REST-based API. In this scenario, think of a REST-based API as specifying a type of contract between the bank (provider) and you (consumer).
The web service provider (like in our bank web service example) or a developer (or maybe even you) shares a JSON-based API spec that describes the API.
A Salesforce administrator or developer declaratively creates a named credential to authenticate the web service endpoint using the URL of the REST-based API provided by the external web service 
provider. The endpoint is simply what exposes the web services resources for interaction with External Services.
A Salesforce admin declaratively registers the web service and uses both the Named Credential and API spec during the registration process. 
External Services imports the API spec’s operations into your org and makes them available as invocable actions.
A Salesforce admin uses Flow Builder to access the invocable flow actions that were registered in Step 4.
During runtime, flow sends a callout to the web service endpoint. The web service returns output based on the API spec. Data is retrieved, created, updated, or deleted by the external web service.
 Salesforce can capture these responses from the external web service for use with a tool like Flow Builder.
 
 
The invocable method must be static.
The invocable method must be either public or global.
The class the invocable method belongs to must be an outer class.
Triggers can’t reference Invocable methods.
Other annotations can’t be used with the InvocableMethod annotation.
Only one method in a class can have the InvocableMethod annotation.

To build a record-triggered flow, we define the business requirement in three parts: trigger, criteria, and action.

Best practice for Flows:

1.Beware of the ‘executed element’ limit — Every time Flow hits an element, 
this counts as an element execution. As of Spring ’21, there are currently 2,000 element executions allowed per flow interview. Consider a scenario where you are looping more than 1,500 contacts.

2. DML inside a loop
3. Not creating fault paths
